Bitcoin hits an alltime record high as
capital controls in China cause outflow
into other assets India and Venezuela
have also been a part of the Rives as
their currencies have been under attack
at this time what's going on with
Bitcoin you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you let's talk
about Bitcoin today we'll keep our Focus
entirely on this we're going to look at
the current price we're going to look at
why this is happening and uh a few
points in addition to that let's get
into this article out of Bloomberg the
latest increase was driven by capital or
currency restrictions in countries
ranging from China to India and
Venezuela where people purchase Bitcoin
to protect their savings as well as
increased adoption by investors and
that's what I want to note here that it
isn't just these three countries this is
a global thing that's happening right
now more and more people are turning to
bit coin you can check the charts out
for yourself the fact that there is more
Bitcoins being mined right now more than
ever there is more interest in this
there are more applications that are
involved in this more so now than ever
it's very very popular there you know
it's really expanding into all these
different territories the digital
currency beat every other currency this
is crazy beat every other currency stock
index commodity contract as an
investment last
year that is very serious unlike the
exponential adoption that propelled the
price of Bitcoin in 2013 remember that
the currency Ascent was driven by a more
gradual
adoption over the last three years
mostly in China and other countries that
have Capital currency restrictions and I
do believe that is one of the most major
points that we could say over 2013 to
the uh past few years
that's what has really changed you look
at the charts you can see
that in leading up to 2013 it was
basically like a spike just straight up
classic uh bull market at the very end
that's what you would see you would
always see that Euphoria however that
didn't occur over the last few years in
Bitcoin it seemed to be much more
gradual doesn't mean it can't crash
doesn't mean that bad things can't
happen I just wanted to make that known
I'm not going to give my opinion on
Bitcoin in this video I want to do
another video uh where I do that I have
done videos in the past about that but
many have asked about it many have been
asking about Bitcoin in general and what
better time to do a video about it than
now when it hits its all-time record
high Global restrictions on Sovereign
currencies are playing a major role in
driving increased Bitcoin demand the
Chinese government for example made it
more difficult for people to move the
nation's currency and spend it overseas
so there is um a re reason to get into
Bitcoin is simply that people look for a
way out and they're using Bitcoin to do
so look at this you can see the charts
for
yourself if it loads there we go
46 at the time of this uh video here and
you can see that prior this is like
leading up into 2013 you could see the
price and then it just shoots straight
up and that there um really shows you
how that Euphoria basically and then it
comes down quite quite dramatically here
but the way it comes back up has been
much more gradual than it was in the
first place now in the recent months
we've seen it come up a little too fast
doesn't mean it can't be sustained for
some time however it seems to be going
quite High uh right now and one of those
reasons is the ones that we talked about
at the beginning here with the capital
controls Bitcoin China now specifically
in China it is skyrocketing look at this
hockey stick that has formed right here
I mean we're looking at a straight arrow
on the way up there and uh it is
obviously Taking Flight right now
because of those Capital controls this
is basically a zoomed in version of what
we just looked at specifically um in the
past few days or or a few weeks in
fact this right here we're looking at
the overnight deposit rate this is just
basically showing you those Capital
controls and suggesting to you that the
more that they clamp down on people in
China and Venezuela and India the more
money that's going to flee out through
these backdoor channels if you use
Bitcoin there's uh others in the black
market as well that are occurring this
happens to be just one of those
this is basically a comparison of uh
Bitcoin to Gold here over the uh look at
the past few trading days anyway gold
has been stable while Bitcoin has grown
tremendously very interesting to see the
price almost converging right now we'll
see if they do end up uh surpassing that
at any given point it looks like it
actually might do so at any moment so
look forward to another video from me of
about Bitcoin I will continue to cover
it I know that many many people on this
channel subscribers have asked about
Bitcoin you
ask and you shall receive I wanted to do
a video about Bitcoin continuously
monitor the price talk about any changes
that occur any inform uh important
information that occurs you will get it
at this channel if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my book The Money GPS even more
informative so head over to Amazon where
you can actually look through the book
for
yourself take care